Update Readme (#105553)
rust-lang/rust: README.md

This is the main source code repository for [Rust]. It contains the compiler,
standard library, and documentation.

[Rust]: https://www.rust-lang.org/

**Note: this README is for _users_ rather than _contributors_. If you wish to
_contribute_ to the compiler, you should read the
[Getting Started][gettingstarted] section of the rustc-dev-guide instead. You

> can ask for help in the [#new members Zulip stream][new-members].**

Reviewer: Markdown doesn't need orphan line starts like this: The previous way puts each individual topic on its own lines. That way diffs affect the appropriate lines and not irrelevant content.

Author: That isn't consistent with how other paragraphs in the Readme are formatted though. What makes these two different?

Reviewer: Apologies for missing this question.

There's no need for excessive consistency. Alternatively, you can make them consistent in the more topic-oriented direction. Either a rule should be programmatically enforced, which I am fine with, or the formatting style should incline towards whatever is most natural, and thus will be most-preserved by subsequent edits.

I also didn't highlight **all** the line endings that I would not have changed this way, I merely did it to two examples to set a trend.

This is how the documentation and examples assume you are running `x.py`.

Systems such as Ubuntu 20.04 LTS do not create the necessary `python` command
by default when Python is installed that allows `x.py` to be run directly. In
that case, you can either create a symlink for `python` (Ubuntu provides the

> `python-is-python3` package for this), or run `x.py` using Python itself:

Reviewer: For the same reason, this should probably be broken up by sentence/fragment topic and not by a simple numeric line break.

3. Configure the build settings:

   The Rust build system uses a file named `config.toml` in the root of the

>    source tree to determine various configuration settings for the build. Copy
>    the default `config.toml.example` to `config.toml` to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   source tree to determine various configuration settings for the build.
   Copy the default `config.toml.example` to `config.toml` to get started.
```

2. Run `mingw32_shell.bat` or `mingw64_shell.bat` from the MSYS2 installation
   directory (e.g. `C:\msys64`), depending on whether you want 32-bit or 64-bit
   Rust. (As of the latest version of MSYS2 you have to run `msys2_shell.cmd
   -mingw32` or `msys2_shell.cmd -mingw64` from the command line instead.)

3. From this terminal, install the required tools:

   ```sh
   # Update package mirrors (may be needed if you have a fresh install of
   # MSYS2).
   pacman -Sy pacman-mirrors

   # Install build tools needed for Rust. If you're building a 32-bit compiler,
   # then replace "x86_64" below with "i686". If you've already got Git,
   # Python, or CMake installed and in PATH you can remove them from this list.

>    # Note that it is important that you do **not** use the 'python2', 'cmake',

Reviewer: Obviously, I think this is largely an improvement.

   # and 'ninja' packages from the 'msys2' subsystem. The build has

>    # historically been known to fail with these packages.

Reviewer: Can move "The build" to a new line. Not required.

python x.py build
```

Right now, building Rust only works with some known versions of Visual Studio.

> If you have a more recent version installed and the build system doesn't

Reviewer: good.

understand, you may need to force rustbuild to use an older version. This can

> be done by manually calling the appropriate vcvars file before running the

Reviewer: Optionally linebreak on "This".

make && sudo make install
```

When using the configure script, the generated `config.mk` file may override
the `config.toml` file. To go back to the `config.toml` file, delete the
generated `config.mk` file.

## Building Documentation

If you'd like to build the documentation, it's almost the same:

```sh
./x.py doc
```

The generated documentation will appear under `doc` in the `build` directory

> for the ABI used. I.e., if the ABI was `x86_64-pc-windows-msvc`, the directory

Reviewer: Awkward Latin abbreviation in the middle of nowhere, worsens readability for no good reason, doesn't have to be changed her but if you have an opinion on what else could go here I'd be happy to see it.
```suggestion
for the ABI used. That is, if the ABI was `x86_64-pc-windows-msvc`, the directory
```

will be `build\x86_64-pc-windows-msvc\doc`.

## Notes

Since the Rust compiler is written in Rust, it must be built by a precompiled

> "snapshot" version of itself (made in an earlier stage of development). As
> such, source builds require an Internet connection to fetch snapshots, and an
> OS that can execute the available snapshot binaries.

Reviewer: Again, opportunity for topical split:
```suggestion
"snapshot" version of itself (made in an earlier stage of development).
As such, source builds require an Internet connection to fetch snapshots,
and an OS that can execute the available snapshot binaries.
```

Snapshot binaries are currently built and tested on several platforms:

| Platform / Architecture                 | x86  | x86_64 |

> |-----------------------------------------|------|--------|

Reviewer: Let's choose an alignment for these if we're going to fuss over them.
```suggestion
|-----------------------------------------|:----:|:------:|
```

| Windows (7, 8, 10, ...)                 | ✓    | ✓      |
| Linux (kernel 3.2, glibc 2.17 or later) | ✓    | ✓      |

> | macOS (10.7 Lion or later)              | (\*) | ✓      |

Reviewer: They can remain left-justified in the source, obviously.

(\*): Apple dropped support for running 32-bit binaries starting from macOS
10.15 and iOS 11. Due to this decision from Apple, the targets are no longer

> useful to our users. Please read [our blog post][macx32] for more info.

Reviewer: This is one of the examples of "less good". This is topic-split and now it gets line-broken and the next topic gets connected in unnecessarily.
